# Security Policy

## Reporting Security Issues

This SDK is generated by [Stainless Software Inc](http://stainlessapi.com). Stainless takes security seriously, and encourages you to report any security vulnerability promptly so that appropriate action can be taken.

To report a security issue, please contact the Stainless team at security@stainlessapi.com.

## Responsible Disclosure

We appreciate the efforts of security researchers and individuals who help us maintain the security of
SDKs we generate. If you believe you have found a security vulnerability, please adhere to responsible
disclosure practices by allowing us a reasonable amount of time to investigate and address the issue
before making any information public.

## Reporting Non-SDK Related Security Issues

If you encounter security issues that are not directly related to SDKs but pertain to the services
or products provided by Tradesignals please follow the respective company's security reporting guidelines.

### Tradesignals Terms and Policies

Our Security Policy can be found at [Security Policy URL](https://tradesignals.io/terms).

Please contact hello@tradesignals.com for any questions or concerns regarding security of our services.

THE TRADESIGNALS PLATFORM AND THIRD-PARTY DATA ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS ONLY, AND TRADESIGNALS AND THE THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. NEITHER TRADESIGNALS NOR ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDER WARRANTS THE ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY THIRD-PARTY DATA OR THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF SUCH THIRD-PARTY DATA. TRADESIGNALS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OVERALL SYSTEM THAT MAKES THE PLATFORM AVAILABLE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE INTERNET, OTHER TRANSMISSION NETWORKS, AND CUSTOMER'S LOCAL NETWORK AND EQUIPMENT) WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE USE OF THE PLATFORM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. CUSTOMER ASSUMES ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR DETERMINING WHETHER THE PLATFORM AND ANY THIRD-PARTY DATA MADE ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THE PLATFORM ARE SUFFICIENT FOR CUSTOMER'S PURPOSES.

---

Thank you for helping us keep the SDKs and systems they interact with secure.
