.\" wing requests are required for all man pages.
.TH pygm2n 1 "Sun Sep  12 18:10:00 CEST 2000" "" "Python Gateway mail to news"
.SH NAME
pygm2n - Python Gateway mail to news
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pygm2n
.BR -n
.IR newsgroups
[
.BR -s
.IR newsserver
]
[
.BR -h
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B IMPORTANT:
this man page is to be continued. The Whole pyg gateway is in
.B devel.\ state.
try -h option for more detailed option.

pygm2n reads from stdin an email, sending it to newsgroups, a comma separated list without spaces of newsgroup names (at least one), rfc799 compliant.

If pygm2n reads from stdin a sigle line starting with /, it is
considered an absolute path to a single-email mailbox,
so pygm2n will open and read it.

.B Note
that now pyg can't read a real mailbox, with many emails. If you
give it in input, pyg will post the whole mailbox as a single email.

\" The following requests should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.  This next request is
.\" for sections 2 and 3 function return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next request is for sections 1, 6, 7 & 8 only
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.SH EXAMPLES
There is some documetation in /urs/share/doc/pyg

I created mailgate user (moderator of local.moderated ng).
Subscribe to a list with this user (or simply email one message to).
Every email posted to this user will send to newsgroups, 
in its .procmailrc I've put something like:

:0 bh
* ^From *mailinglist-request@lists.debian.org
| $HOME/pygm2n -n local.debian.mailinglist 


.\" This next request is for sections 1, 6, 7 & 8 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"       fprintf/stderr type diagnostics)
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" The next request is for sections 2 and 3 error
.\" and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.\" .Sh SEE ALSO
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.SH AUTHORS
Cosimo Alfarano <alfarano@students.cs.unibo.it>

.SH BUGS
Boh. send any bug, advice or opinion to the author, please.

