.\" wing requests are required for all man pages.
.TH pygn2m 1 "Sun Sep  12 22:40:00 CEST 2000" "" "Python Gateway news to mail"
.SH NAME
pygn2m - Python Gateway news to mail
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pygs
.BR -t 
.IR recipient@domain1
.BR -s
.IR sender@domain2
[
.BR -e
.IR envelope@domain3
]
[
.BR -h
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B IMPORTANT:
this man page is to be continued. The Whole pyg gateway is in
.B devel.\ state.
try -h option for more detailed option.

pygn2m reads from stdin a nntp article, sending it to recipient@domain1
a rfc822 compliant email setting Resent-Sender: sender@domain2
and envelope envelope@domain3 if exists, else sender@domain2.

If pygn2m reads from stdin a sigle line starting with /, it is
considered an absolute path to an article (ie in a spool),
so pygn2m will open and read it.

\" The following requests should be uncommented and
.\" used where appropriate.  This next request is
.\" for sections 2 and 3 function return values only.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" This next request is for sections 1, 6, 7 & 8 only
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" .Sh FILES
.SH EXAMPLES
There is some documetation in /urs/share/doc/pyg

I created mailgate user (moderator of local.moderated ng).
Every article posted in local.moderated is sent to mailgate, 
in its .procmailrc I've put:

:0 bhc
* ^To: *local-moderated
| $HOME/pygs -t kalfa@localhost -e mailgate@students.cs.unibo.it -s 'cosimo@students.cs.unibo.it'


where kalfa@localhost is the recipient (usually a mailing list)

Here is an header extract from kalfa@localhost mbox:

From mailgate@students.cs.unibo.it
From: whosentnntparticle@domain4
To: kalfa@localhost
Resent-Sender: cosimo@students.cs.unibo.it

note that sender and envelope are different. rfc822 says that Sender: have to be a human user (not a program or similia). envelope can mailgate user.


.\" This next request is for sections 1, 6, 7 & 8 only
.\"     (command return values (to shell) and
.\"       fprintf/stderr type diagnostics)
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" The next request is for sections 2 and 3 error
.\" and signal handling only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.\" .Sh SEE ALSO
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.SH AUTHOR
Cosimo Alfarano <alfarano@students.cs.unibo.it>

.SH BUGS
Boh. send any bug to the author, please.

